For my preview, I focued mainly on functionality and not on style yet. Currently my site allows users to create an account or login with a made account. From there, users can view upcoming school assignments they have or add new assignments to be kept track of. These assignments have a progress bar attached to them to keep track of... progress. Assignments can be deleted at any time as well. 

As for the main functionality of the site, it is pretty much complete. My original goal was to create an easy and clean way to keep track of school work. My current website does that. My next focus will mainly be style. Although I have styled the navbar some, the body of the website needs a lot of work. Most of my styling so far has been focused on simply centering. I also found that my pages where users submit info are a little off centered. I played around a bit was not able to come up with a fix. This will be something I look to address in the near future as well. The page could use more colors, fonts, background, etc. to liven it up. I want to make the site pleasant to view, but also keep it simple and clean.

After I make good progress on the styling, I will look for additional features/functionality. I would like users to be able to filter their assignments by type (Exams, Projects, etc.). Also I would like to be able to sort by progress. As time permits and I make progress, I would love to set up an additional page where users can view their assignments in calender view. Finally, if I finish all of those features in a timely manner, I would like to add a break tab. This break tab will consist of the game "Minesweeper" that I will make in javascript. Although this seems like a reach, I think it'd be fun to work on. These are all additional features I will only be working on if time permits, however.
